## Attendees
- Chloe, Jakob, Soham, Jarrett, Pratyush, Wei Siew, Neeraj, Anh, Ram, Alberto
## To-Do
- [ ] Send Constitution to Pavel

## Agenda
- Constitution Vote
	- Votes in favor
		- Soham
		- Chloe
		- Ram
		- Jarrett
		- Jakob
	- Votes against
		- Alberto (not an officer, just for funsies)
- RPT
	- Shireen Elhabian [tenure] **Jarrett, Alberto**
	- Pavel Panchecka [promotion, tenure] **Anh, Soham**
	- Jun Xu [promotion, tenure] **Jarrett, Ram** 
	- Eliane Wiese [retention] **Jakob, Chloe**
	- Daniel Brown [retention] **Neeraj, Chloe** 
	- Alexander Lex [promotion] **Ram, Shreyas**
	- Anton Burtsev [promotion, tenure] **Alberto, Anh** 
	- Ana Marasovic [retention] **Soham, Pratyush** 
	- Stephan Nagy [retention] **Wei Siew, Shreyas**
- Things to keep in mind:
	- ***Your assessment should primarily focus on the candidate’s impact on your constituents – in this case, the grad population.  For example, are they teaching classes of interest to grads, are they teaching these classes well, are they reacting to student feedback, do they have a vibrant research program that’s growing Utah’s reputation, are they good advisors to their Masters and PhD students, are their students involved in publications and meeting due progress standards, are they involved in service/mentoring that impacts grads?  Don’t expect a candidate to check every one of these criteria.  Take a wholistic view, i.e., is this candidate a net positive for the grad population and for the school?***
	- To-Do:
		- Explicitly state your relationship to prof? 
		- On Teaching + Education: 
			- Look over the teaching statement and see if it matches comments from students. 
			- What is the feedback on their teaching?
			- How do they interact with their students?
		- On Advising + Mentoring: 
			- Are they mentoring their students?
		- Are they involved in service?
		- Are their students involved in publications and meeting due progress?
		- Fill out: StudentCommitteeForm-2018-fillable.pdf
	

#weekly-notes