## Attendees
Soham, Neeraj, Jarrett, Ram, Jakob

## Agenda

- UDLS
    - We need more UDLSs in the semester, **three is not enough**.
    - We still would like KSOC olympics.
        - we don't have to do this if we revert to 2 udls a month
    - UDLS is like the mcrib, we pull it back just enough to make them realize they still love it. And then next semester, we bring it back. Mwah ha ha.
        - So 3 this sem is fine. It's a testing semester.
        - It's not fewer events, we have other types of events, we just keep 3 talks/UDLSs.

    - Recruitment event
        - next saturday
        - putting general message in slack, unofficial GradSAC city outing
        - we encourage people to join us, meet other grad students and current GradSAC, and have fun!
        - we talk about benefits of joining gradsac (designing events, free food, resume fodder, faculty gossip, making friends)

- Pavel gift funds new merch for gradsac?
    - gift funds have been complicated in the past
    - we don't get money from student orgs, but we have money set aside for merch in CS dept. (not food money). Supposedly.
    - High quality (i.e. patagonia only, not gray though) hoodie, shirt?

- Or (alternative plan)
    - One UDLS feb, two in march, remaining are events.
    - Kickball with faculty sounds fun?
    - Something like a field day already exists
    - But we need faculty interest (**vital**)
    - Look for faculty interest, this decides it
    - Ask faculty at the next faculty meeting @Soham

- GVW (yay)
    - Email showing protest
    - They arrive Thursday
        - **We should still do Thursday dinners, they were immensely fun**!
    - Ideas for the Saturday day
        - afternoon activities moved to morning is better
        - 9 am - 11pm is too much
        - we shouldn't have to use our cars
        - **Replace housing tour with afternoon activities. after lunch, give them small break, then continue to dinner and night activities. It's important to give them time to rest**.
        - We can give them options to choose??
        - Options for activities for nighttime
            - symphony (**good one**, unique-ish)
            - basketball game, Jazz game. worst tickets are $2
            - hockey, basketball, symphony.
            - @Jakob call front office for discount.
            - optional bar nights?
        - Options for activities for morning
            - on campus shows?
            - ice skating
            - escape room
            - escape box
            - dance theatre
            - need ones to highlight spirit of SLC (Anton agrees)
                - That is a good hike! living room or canyons, anywhere we can get to bus
                - Shoreline trail
                - could be NIGHTMARE, living room has ice sheets, snow could ruin it. It could even be muddy.
                - Red butte garden is always an option.
            - Arts specific to SLC, **dance theatre, symphony**.
    - Dinner was kinda problematic
        - Doing it all together was hectic, we need to find a restaurant.

- email draft
```
    Hello Dr. Wiese, Dr. Garcia,

    GradSAC has unanimously voted to veto student housing tours. We sincerely apologize for this:
        1. We find it infeasible to transport up to 30-40 students to different houses across the valley.
        2. To be frank, PhD students are barely paid above the poverty line. We believe that touring our houses (more like small apartments) would give a not-so-great impression on the incoming students.
        3. Housing in SLC is very expensive, it may discourage some students prematurely.
        4. Many students have family, roommates, and pets. This may be inconvenient for the students volunteering their houses for visits.

      We have members who have been helping with the visit weekend for three years. On the topic of housing, we are happy to assist in helping incoming students find houses and potential roommates.

    Sincerely,
    GradSAC
```


