# 2023-02-10

[]{#anchor-77}Attendees:

Jakob, Alper, Noelle, Mahesh, Anh, Ben

[]{#anchor-78}Notes:

[]{#anchor-79}Feb 6, 2023 --- faculty meeting

[]{#anchor-80}Attendees:

Devin, faculty

[]{#anchor-81}Notes:

-   Hiring

    -   Finished screening, shortlisted three, all local (I think for
        > teaching)

    -   Sci vis position open (3 visiting next week), these would be CS

    -   Fyi (inviting 1 for SCI/psychology)

-   Mary

    -   50th anniversary/ IEEE milestone

        -   50 years since forming of CS department

        -   Fri March 24

            -   Telle whitney: keynote

            -   David hanscom and Joe Zachary

            -   Networking: Emulab (moderated by Rob Ricci)

            -   Architecture: Duane CAll, Al Davis, Chuck Seltz

            -   Assistant prof video and maybe a **grad student video?**

                -   **They will record during the poster session, and
                    > may use some of that if it turns out well**

            -   Ivan Sutherland: keynote

    -   FAR --- faculty activity report. Report on what faculty have
        > done in the last year.

        -   Not very relevant to us

-   Rajeev

    -   Phd teaching requirements

        -   Past 35 / 4, yes/no for one TA requirement vote

        -   Note: Sanctioned students cannot currently be hired as TAs

        -   New "menu of options"

            -   One sem as TA

            -   B or higher in CS 6961

            -   One semester as T.M.

            -   Other?

        -   Q: what is the learning reason for this

            -   Many consider the ability to teach is important for a
                > PhD

            -   T.M. support helps improve quality of classes

        -   Comment: one career outcome is to become a faculty. Ability
            > to each is important. Lack of teaching culture in CS is
            > weird. (Math PhD teach a full class every semester)

        -   Comment: maybe don't need to tweak policy for sanctioned
            > students.

            -   We already do something special for them. We could keep
                > that exception.

        -   Comment: TA wouldn't be different than T.M. has the
            > advantage of not requiring students to register for
            > credits (tuition diff, tuition benefit etc)

        -   Comment: will still have PhD students help teaching in a way
            > that teach them how to teach. There is a concern with the
            > student/TA ratio.

        -   Comment: we are allowing a sanctioned PhD student to
            > graduate. Therefore we are assuming that they are
            > responsible enough to graduate, therefore aren't they
            > responsible enough to be a TA?

        -   Devin thought: How many PhD students are sanctioned? 1%? 5%?
            > More? (it sounds like the answer is **0.5%**)

        -   Sanctioned students cannot do anything student-facing wrt
            > grading, but could still be a TA.

        -   Comment: we are discussing the burden of requiring a single
            > TA, but we are currently requiring 2 TMs, so one TA is
            > actually less of a requirement?

        -   Comment: In the last five years there was one PhD sanction.

    -   Differential tuition / fees

        -   PIs/ksoc will cover diff tuition for RA/GAs

        -   Will not cover health insurance

        -   SCI is covering health insurance and international fee

        -   Comment: we are paying less than sci, how can we compete? We
            > used to be able to pay ourselves, but aren't allowed to
            > anymore. (we technically weren't allowed before either)

        -   

[]{#anchor-82}Feb 3, 2023

[]{#anchor-83}Attendees:

Jakob,

[]{#anchor-84}Agenda:

-   Food With Faculty Restart

    -   Find list of previous nominees

-   FwF 2022 funding?

    -   Last ToDo on F22 budget report

    -   Stacy?

-   Website Update

    -   [*https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CgD-Cv7FcxUq2zvGUw2FlI-T1u4-jK7r9ZPV4AHwt5g/edit?usp=drivesdk*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CgD-Cv7FcxUq2zvGUw2FlI-T1u4-jK7r9ZPV4AHwt5g/edit?usp=drivesdk)

-   Master Event List

    -   Figure out who updates
        > [*https://www.cs.utah.edu/calendar/*](https://www.cs.utah.edu/calendar/)
        > and start promoting it

-   KSoC Merch - 50th Anniv

    -   Figure out who's in charge of merch money for ASUU

    -   Can we ask money from the department?

    -   Coordinator: Jakob

-   UDLS

    -   Feb 16 event, Keyboard Meetup

        -   Broadcast to bigger audience?

        -   Start at 4:30

            -   Extending the room RSVP: Anh

        -   Add an additional pizza

        -   To get:

            -   USB hubs

            -   Hand cleaning stuff/sanitizer

            -   prizes/swag/stuff - **Jakob**

        -   Activities

            -   Typing comp.

            -   Tentatively: **Prikshit (otherwise Ben)**

        -   Signup form for people wanting to bring their keyboard for
            > showcase.

    -   Need more speakers - **Alper**

        -   Prioritize non-gradsac people.

-   "How to make a good presentation" presentation.

    -   Possible slogan "Lunch and learn"

    -   Date: March 15

    -   Time: Lunch

    -   Location: LCR?

    -   Hybrid?

    -   Presenter: Noelle's Advisor (Eliane Wiese)

-   Grad Visit Weekend Updates

    -   Opt for hotel shuttle - 50 people, too much for GradSAC to
        > handle

    -   For people who accept the invitation, have the Grad Advisors
        > send form to survey what prospective students interested in.

-   Pi Day?

    -   Pie potluck

    -   Do we want to make it lunch instead?

    -   Date and time:

        -   6:00 PM - 8:00 PM, Tuesday, March 14th

        -   12:00 PM - 1:00 PM, Tuesday, March 14th

    -   Location: Probably LCR.

    -   RSVP form to get a head count.

    -   Do we want to include faculty?

