# 03-14-2022

[]{#anchor-267}Attendees:

Noelle, Devin, Daniel, Mahesh

[]{#anchor-268}Agenda:

[]{#anchor-269}Last Meeting Follow-up

-   Grad visit weekend

    -   Video will be done by Friday

    -   Submit videos here:
        > [*https://forms.gle/4SDVNKPsbVbZ5eMv5*](https://forms.gle/4SDVNKPsbVbZ5eMv5)

    -   Feedback:

        -   Start planning sooner

        -   Escape room & gather.town: people didn't talk or turn on
            > videos

        -   Did people get the 1:1 attention with faculty that they
            > should have?

        -   Last year: panel with students, this year the students
            > didn't have a place on the panel

            -   Panel with students + gather.town

            -   Grad advisor portion was not a Q&A, this was awkward

            -   Poorly organized?

            -   Have lots of people (should we do this with faculty too
                > next time?)

-   Grad Panels/Seminar: Applying for jobs in academia

    -   4:00-5:00pm Thursday 3/24

        -   Moderator: Yo, Mahesh \> backup Devin \> backup Madi

    -   Add questions here: [*Jobs in Academia Panel
        > Questions*](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TD61YB2jfCc4aRLnwfj3Qrq6MOVyk4txTMDXcvsOJw4/edit?usp=sharing)

        -   -   Send this to panel before

        -   Ways to list this or collect votes:
            > [*https://www.sli.do/use-case-panel-discussions*](https://www.sli.do/use-case-panel-discussions)

            -   **Mahesh** will set this up

            -   How long can this stay live?

    -   advertising

        -   Posters: done?

            -   Printed 20

            -   **Mahesh** will hang them up in MEB

            -   **Devin** will give them to WEB front desk

        -   TV: Send poster to chris to put on TV: done?

            -   **Devin**: Check with Madi, Send reminder to chris?

        -   Emails

            -   Start this week, email & slack

            -   Get in touch with panelists a few days before (next
                > week)

            -   **Devin**: Send email this week (one email, one slack)

-   Social Events
    > [*GradSAC_BudgetPlans*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FAp6m1hJWnT0SDhUoqv-07SfQRuApVWttrVMFyW96u0/edit?usp=sharing)

    -   Bowling April 5th 5:00-7:00pm

        -   **Daniel**: book this

            -   \$195/hour (with shoes) \* 2hrs = \$390

            -   If this can be done online or via phone, ask Chris
                > Coleman

        -   Get better food catered

            -   Sandwich + sodas

            -   [*https://www.robinsnestslc.com/*](https://www.robinsnestslc.com/)

            -   [*https://caputos.com/menu/#cat=all&loc=5583&map=0*](https://caputos.com/menu/#cat=all&loc=5583&map=0)

            -   [*http://www.ohmaisandwich.com/*](http://www.ohmaisandwich.com/)

            -   **Daniel** + **Anh** - decide on catering

        -   How many people? Have registration - cap at 30

            -   **Daniel**: Set up google form for registration

        -   Advertising: tv poster, emails, slack

            -   Start after panel

    -   Another event Week after finals (april 28 - may 4)

-   Lunch with faculty

    -   **Mahesh**: email John march 21 - 25 between 11-1

-   UDLS 3/17: Pranav Rajan

    -   Marketing: Tu slack, Tu email, Th slack

    -   Pizza: 9

    -   Bring grad lounge board games

-   COE College Council Feedback

    -   How have graduate students done through COVID?

        -   strugglebus.

    -   What do you think about the removal of the mask mandate
        > (effective March 14th)

        -   Matches CDC guideline. Personally don't care.

        -   Lack of communication.

            -   Exposure requirement not clear.

    -   Report on graduate recruitment for 2022-23 (Was CS virtual? I do
        > not believe they participated in the fly-in event this year).

        -   CS Virtual, in general good.

        -   It would be nice if there was some top-down
            > organization/planning.

    -   Other: tuition differential.

[]{#anchor-270}New Business

-   Faculty candidates this week:

    -   Fri 3:00pm - Daniel

[]{#anchor-271}Parking Lot/Table/Ice Box

-   Swag

    -   Add your sizes here [*GradSAC Member
        > Sizes*](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zyfvi9Jr3QIkLFPXS_GZBR2Z2lYVPLr7LKRWCLlaU2g/edit?usp=sharing)if
        > you have not already

    -   Logo change - approved

    -   Next step: waiting to hear back from Serena

-   Grad stipend amounts

    -   GSAC Leadership Meeting follow up:

        -   Survey:
            > [*https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vsiFrITuWz9aH_hlCy6SvTQdno8KzfdMp6Uq2MLSY1g/edit*](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vsiFrITuWz9aH_hlCy6SvTQdno8KzfdMp6Uq2MLSY1g/edit)

        -   Should we send survey?

            -   Send after finals?

            -   **Shreyas** will look into this after video (aim to send
                > after finals)

    -   **Noelle**: Followup with John on the raise

        -   John is going on sabbatical, see who is our new contact
            > (Erin?)

[]{#anchor-272}Action Items:

-   Required service email

    -   Next steps: Devin re-write draft based on feedback, send to
        > Mary, [*dgs@cs.utah.edu*](mailto:dgs@cs.utah.edu)

[]{#anchor-273}March 7, 2022

[]{#anchor-274}Attendees:

Noelle, Devin, Shreyas, Mahesh, Madi

[]{#anchor-275}Agenda:

[]{#anchor-276}Last Meeting Follow-up

-   Grad visit weekend

    -   Escape room TONIGHT 7:00-8:30pm

        -   1 hr escape room, 30 min social hour

        -   Volunteers

            -   Noelle

            -   Shreyas

            -   Madi

            -   Mahesh

            -   If needed:

                -   Devin

    -   Video

        -   Need some sort of a disclaimer for people submitting stuff?

        -   Script: [*GradSAC Plan for
            > video*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GHoTYvjUdKbVEJqhUajnRIyjMV129UIWkWHYI7h5k6Y/edit)

            -   Edit the script

        -   Recording Friday at 3:00 - anyone want to be in it?

        -   **Shreyas**: Send email

-   Grad Panels/Seminar: Applying for jobs in academia

    -   Are we concerned about a conflict with "\[Grads\] Panel
        > Discussion: Careers after Graduate School" on Thursday 3/17

    -   4:00-5:00pm Thursday 3/24

        -   Moderator: Yo, Mahesh \> backup Devin \> backup Madi

    -   brainstorm questions

        -   [*Jobs in Academia Panel
            > Questions*](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TD61YB2jfCc4aRLnwfj3Qrq6MOVyk4txTMDXcvsOJw4/edit?usp=sharing)

            -   Send this to panel before

        -   Ways to list this or collect votes:
            > [*https://www.sli.do/use-case-panel-discussions*](https://www.sli.do/use-case-panel-discussions)

            -   **Mahesh** will set this up

    -   advertising

        -   Posters

            -   **Madi**: make poster

                -   [*https://usocgrad.slack.com/archives/G019QKDL2UA/p1646686739634719*](https://usocgrad.slack.com/archives/G019QKDL2UA/p1646686739634719)

                -   Zoom link (bit.ly)

        -   **Devin**: Set up Zoom link

        -   TV: **Madi**: Send poster to chris to put on TV

        -   Flyers: SoC notice boards without permission, need
            > permission from deans office

            -   **Devin**: has color printing & will check with dean's
                > office (email?), **Shreyas** can check Tuesday

        -   Emails

            -   Start next week, email & slack

-   **Madi**: budget update

    -   3 UDLS: spent about \$300 on Pizza

    -   35 first 2, 20 last time + 3-5 prospectives

    -   Stacey keep grad lounge stocked, doesn't send us what she's
        > spent

        -   Email or tell Stacey if coffee is empty

        -   This may not come out of gradsac budget

    -   We've spent around \$900 last semester + this semester

-   Social Events
    > [*GradSAC_BudgetPlans*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FAp6m1hJWnT0SDhUoqv-07SfQRuApVWttrVMFyW96u0/edit?usp=sharing)

    -   Bowling Early April: date?

        -   **Daniel**: reach out about Bowling availability

            -   They can have a maximum of 80 people, but they can have
                > more if we rent like the pool tables.

            -   20-30 people, and they suggested we just rent half of
                > the lanes(5-6). With this setup, we would just pay for
                > how many total games we play. Shoes are an additional
                > \$2/person.

            -   If we decide to rent the whole alley that would be
                > \$125/hour (with shoes) before 5pm, and \$195/hour
                > (with shoes) after 5 pm.

            -   For the date, the day we suggested, April 1st is Crimson
                > Nights, so it won\'t be open. In general, if we want
                > to do late afternoons/evenings, they said that
                > Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays are a no go, but other
                > days are fine.

        -   Get better food catered

            -   Sandwich + sodas

        -   Date: April 5; 5:00 - 7:00 pm

            -   Backup: 6th

            -   **Noelle** will tell **Daniel** to book this

    -   Another event Week after finals (april 28 - may 4)

-   ~~Grad lounge microwave: done!~~

-   Grad stipend amounts

    -   GSAC Leadership Meeting follow up:

        -   Survey:
            > [*https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vsiFrITuWz9aH_hlCy6SvTQdno8KzfdMp6Uq2MLSY1g/edit*](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vsiFrITuWz9aH_hlCy6SvTQdno8KzfdMp6Uq2MLSY1g/edit)

        -   Should we send survey?

            -   Send after finals?

            -   **Shreyas** will look into this after video (aim to send
                > after finals)

    -   **Noelle**: Followup with John on the raise

        -   John is going on sabbatical, see who is our new contact
            > (Erin?)

[]{#anchor-277}New Business

-   UDLS 3/17: Pranav Rajan

    -   Marketing: M slack, Tu email, Th slack

    -   Pizza: 9

    -   Bring grad lounge board games

    -   Previous Turnouts: 35 / 30 / 20+5

-   Lunch with faculty

    -   **Mahesh**: email John march 21 - 25 between 11-1

[]{#anchor-278}Parking Lot/Table/Ice Box

-   Swag

    -   Add your sizes here [*GradSAC Member
        > Sizes*](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zyfvi9Jr3QIkLFPXS_GZBR2Z2lYVPLr7LKRWCLlaU2g/edit?usp=sharing)if
        > you have not already

    -   Logo change - approved

    -   Next step: waiting to hear back from Serena

-   

[]{#anchor-279}Action Items:

-   Required service email

    -   Next steps: Devin re-write draft based on feedback, send to
        > Mary, [*dgs@cs.utah.edu*](mailto:dgs@cs.utah.edu)

[]{#anchor-280}Next Week's Agenda:

