# 2022-02-21

[]{#anchor-289}Attendees:\
Shreyas, Noelle,Yo, Devin, Madison

[]{#anchor-290}Agenda:

[]{#anchor-291}Last Meeting Follow-up

-   Swag

    -   Add your sizes here [*GradSAC Member
        > Sizes*](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1zyfvi9Jr3QIkLFPXS_GZBR2Z2lYVPLr7LKRWCLlaU2g/edit?usp=sharing)if
        > you have not already

    -   Can we change logo?

[]{#anchor-292}New Business

-   Faculty candidates this week:

    -   Tirthak Patel - Wed 2/23 3:00 - 3:30pm (Grad lounge) (Mahesh)

    -   Aishwarya Ganesan - Fri 2/25 3:00 - 3:30pm (Zoom) (Shreyas)

-   Grad visit weekend

    -   Info session March 4th 9-10am

        -   panel - need a few volunteers

            -   Volunteers

                -   Noelle

                -   Yo

                -   Devin

            -   What will the panel be about?

            -   Do we need to prepare anything?

        -   After gather.town - as many volunteers as possible

            -   Volunteers:

                -   Shreyas

                -   Devin

                -   Noelle

            -   Organize spaces by research area?

            -   Communicating that this is only with grad
                > students/making sure faculty don't join

            -   Instructions to current student volunteers how to join
                > and how to label yourself (ex. Current student)

    -   Social event

        -   3/3 is UDLS - invite to watch over Zoom?

            -   **Noelle**: ask Josh if he is okay with this

        -   Virtual escape room \$25-\$30 per person
            > (<https://www.escapeexperience.com/chattanooga/faq/>).

            -   GradSAC sends own email about UDLS, escape room, gather
                > town

            -   Registration form for escape room

            -   Any night of spring break

                -   Monday 3/7

            -   7:00-8:30pm

                -   1 hr escape room, 30 min social hour

            -   TODOs

                -   Location

                -   Number of prospective students we'd need

        -   Live-hosted virtual trivia \$15-\$30/person
            > (<https://www.trivvy.co/?ref=quizbreaker>)

            -   Utah trivia

        -   Game night

        -   Mary: "Given that we are not paying for folks to travel or
            > eat here, I think a Virtual Escape Room sounds fun.
            > Perhaps you can tell me how many total attendance it would
            > be --- we may need to limit how many continuing graduate
            > students since we will be picking up a lot of
            > international prospective students. "

    -   Videos

        -   Mary: "Regarding the videographer, it is not the expense
            > that worries me, but just finding someone to do it on such
            > short notice and organizing what they do. Also, right now
            > our spaces are not going to impress anyone. Even the very
            > cool things we are doing do not look good right now. This
            > would be a great idea with the new building. Last year, I
            > think it was BioE that had some students rent a golf cart
            > and take a very unprofessional but fun video of campus on
            > their phones. I think campus is more impressive than the
            > interiors of our buildings because the views are
            > spectacular, and you can drive past places like the
            > Student Life Center. **But we would need a few volunteers
            > to pull this off.**"

        -   Can we collect footage and send this to someone?

            -   This is something that could be done after the info
                > session

            -   Crowdsource video clips from other grads

        -   Low quality vlogs?

            -   If anyone is interested, go for it

            -   

    -   Slack channel?

        -   We should do this, set this up this week

        -   This is only available for paid accounts

        -   Admin has to approve the request

        -   Devin owns this

-   UDLS 3/3: Josh Dawson

    -   Marketing: M slack, Tu email, Th slack

    -   Pizza: 10

[]{#anchor-293}Parking Lot/Table/Ice Box

-   Grad Panels/Seminar: Applying for jobs in academia

    -   Next steps: Reach out to faculty you have a connection with

        -   ~~Erin Parker (Tea.Full) - ~~**~~Devin~~**~~, Daniel Kopta -
            > ~~**~~Devin~~**~~, (Tea.Assisstant.Comp) ~~- , Qingyao Ai
            > (Res.Assc) - **Anh**, Saday (BIGshot) - **Mahesh**, Rob
            > Ricci - **Shreyas**, Ganesh - **Mahesh**

    -   4:00-5:00pm: 3/22, 3/23, or 3/24 (virtual)

        -   Danny: prefers Thurs

-   Grad stipend amounts + QoL (repeat after grad visit weekend)

    -   GSAC Leadership Meeting on Thu

    -   Google Form for current students?

[]{#anchor-294}Action Items:

-   Grad lounge microwave

    -   **Noelle**: Email chris, cc front desk?

-   Required service email

    -   Next steps: Devin re-write draft based on feedback, send to
        > Mary, [*dgs@cs.utah.edu*](mailto:dgs@cs.utah.edu)

[]{#anchor-295}Next Week's Agenda:

