# 01-24-2022

[]{#anchor-323}Attendees:

[]{#anchor-324}Agenda:

[]{#anchor-325}Last Meeting Follow-up

-   Grad visit weekend February 25-26

    -   Add restaurant ideas to spreadsheet: [*Restaurants for Grad
        > Visit*](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1K6Ad2yoTg6_xSs2yglu6giJoZIYXhXTFzmY3vehe4Po/edit?usp=sharing)

    -   Keep brainstorming Saturday Activities

[]{#anchor-326}New Business

-   AI track proposal feedback

    -   [*https://usocgrad.slack.com/files/U023U6JV7U1/F02UYANARCJ/ai_track_proposal\_-\_ms_phd_in_computing.pdf*](https://usocgrad.slack.com/files/U023U6JV7U1/F02UYANARCJ/ai_track_proposal_-_ms_phd_in_computing.pdf)

        -   Possible Loophole: Do they want to have 3 buckets touched
            > specifically? Or is something like 2 - 2 possible?

        -   Make wording better: remove the mention of specialization
            > and breath?

            -   Example: Take 2 courses in one cluster, and at least 1
                > course in 2 other clusters. (MUCH SIMPLER)

            -   Adding an example of flowchart might be better

        -   Is the requirement for specialization and breadth even
            > required?

-   Grad Panels/Seminars.

    -   This could be virtual

    -   What would be relevant for students at that point?

    -   Topics

        -   writing grant proposal

        -   Applying for fellowships

        -   **Applying for jobs in academia**

            -   What's the deal with post-docs??

            -   How does money work in academia?

            -   Focus: Older PhD Students?

                -   Send an email to grads and also tell faculty to
                    > encourage students to attend the event

            -   Time: The week after grad-students for 1 hour

                -   Ask the Profs if they would prefer it to be
                    > in-person / over zoom

                -   For Hybrid: Need multiple microphones

            -   Structure: Ask prepared questions and then open it up to
                > the audience

            -   Panel: 1 person from teaching / research / younger -
                > currently applied / established - on the hiring
                > committee / from different levels ( assistant /
                > associate / full ) / Industry and came back

            -   Alex Lex (Res.Assc), Erin Parker (Tea.Full), Daniel
                > Kopta (Tea.Assisstant.Comp), Qingyao Ai (Res.Assc),
                > Saday (BIGshot), Rob Ricci / Eric Eide

        -   Applying for jobs outside of academia

-   Required service email.

[]{#anchor-327}Action Items:

-   **~~Noelle~~**~~: Email Rogelio with AI track feedback~~

-   Everyone: Give feedback on required service email on Slack

[]{#anchor-328}Next Week's Agenda:

-   UDLS 2/3

