# 09-16-2022

[]{#anchor-140}Attendees:

Noelle, Devin, Mahesh, Sara, Jakob, Yash, Brayden, Frost, Prikshit, Anh,
Shreyas, Ben

[]{#anchor-141}Agenda:

[]{#anchor-142}Last Meeting Follow-up

-   UDLS Thursday: Anh

    -   Advertising: M Slack, Tu email, Th Slack & instagram

    -   Pizza: 12 (7 cz/5 pep) Brayden is pizza coordinator!!!! (reach
        > out Madi Cooley on Slack)

    -   Anh: short introduction of UDLS & GradSAC at beginning?

        -   Send Anh slides of past UDLS's (Devin has this)

    -   Hybrid?

        -   Up to speaker - not for this one

        -   Speaker can broadcast on zoom, but GradSAC does not
            > coordinate this

-   FREE Food with Faculty

    -   Kate Isaacs: 9/23 9:00am

        -   Sign-up like last semester?
            > [*https://docs.google.com/forms/d/17Em8ExlpGKHME5PA9qMjjBqLFAOntxaY2B0laarvOjg/edit?usp=sharing*](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/17Em8ExlpGKHME5PA9qMjjBqLFAOntxaY2B0laarvOjg/edit?usp=sharing)

        -   **Anh**: Make a copy of this form, edit for this semester
            > (change "lunch" to "food/coffee") & send out

        -   Limit to 5-6 + 1 gradsac

    -   Ana Marasovic: 12pm lunch any day

        -   Week of 26th

    -   Prashant Pandey

        -    2nd Week of Oct

    -   Jun Xu: Interested

    -   Faculty members:

        -   Alex Lex (**Devin**)

        -   Kate Isaacs (**Noelle**) - Sept

        -   Prashant Pandey? (**Shreyas**) - Oct

        -   Cem Yuksel (**Alper**)

        -   Jun Xu (**Prikshit**) - Oct

        -   Paul Rosen (**Devin**) - Oct

        -   Daniel Kopta (Devin)

        -   Ana Marasovic (**Eric**) - Oct

[]{#anchor-143}New Business

-   Officer Election

    -   When will we have new election?

    -   After UDLS? 10/6 tentatively

    -   Get better Pizzas for that event

    -   Tentative: 6th of Oct

-   RPT (retention, promotion, & tenure):
    > [*https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0ACrsvzgamvaBUk9PVA*](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0ACrsvzgamvaBUk9PVA)

    -   Collect feedback from grads, write up a paragraph summarizing
        > feedback - do not spend any more than 1 hour on this (aim for
        > 30 min)

        -   Due next friday 9/23

        -   **Mahesh**: Send form for feedback today or Monday

    -   Jeff Phillips - **Frost & Jakob**

    -   Blair Sullivan - **Devin**

    -   Rogelio Cardona-Rivera - **Prikshit **(Mahesh will send
        > examples)

    -   Marina Kogan - **Mahesh**

    -   Mu Zhang - **Noelle**

-   GradSAC only party?

    -   Regular after meeting lunch?

    -   Dinner & bar hopping

    -   **23rd**

-   Feedback on grad courses (Frost)?

    -   Erin would appreciate having feedback, but wants it to be clear
        > that this does not mean it would be offered & would only be
        > useful for the next 2 years (not next semester)

    -   **Frost** will take charge of making form & sending out (no
        > rush, just before January)

-   Meeting with Rajeev

    -   Wanted to sit in to the beginning of our meetings, where we can
        > ask him questions

    -   Or could just go out to lunch with him

    -   Come up with list of questions to ask before

    -   **Shreyas** will bring this up and coordinate - go after our
        > meeting when there is no faculty meeting scheduled

-   GradSAC only channel?

-   Discussion of ideas from brainstorming session:
    > [*ideas.jpg*](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1a4F6kyPtNa7SJ6nhY8RYnAaFFF-GQ_RP/view?usp=sharing)

    -   Low effort ideas:

        -   ~~Public events Google calendar~~

            -   Followup: Google form to calendar for faculty to
                > crowdsource seminar/guest-lecture information - weekly
                > digests

        -   Private grad channel in Slack

        -   International potluck

    -   Medium effort ideas:

        -   Lab open house

        -   CV workshop

        -   Mini golf

    -   High effort ideas:

        -   Better process/documentation for new students

        -   Hackathon (effort level depends on what kind of Hackathon we
            > want)

[]{#anchor-144}Parking Lot/Table/Ice Box

-   Halloween Party?

-   Missing Wiki Pages

    -   Historical Pages of the UDLS

    -   Revamp of the website updates?

-   Dave and Busters (Arcade Bar) (4 people \~\$90 on games for more
    > than an hour + really big)

-   Grad/GradSAC-run research forum (until we hear more from faculty)

[]{#anchor-145}Action Items:

-   

[]{#anchor-146}Sep 9, 2022

[]{#anchor-147}Attendees:

Noelle, Leopold, Jakob, Yash, Brayden, Shreyas, Frost, Mahesh, Prikshit,
Devin, Anh, Eric, Amir, Ben, Alper

[]{#anchor-148}Agenda:

[]{#anchor-149}Last Meeting Follow-up

-   Welcome new members!

    -   Introductions

    -   Housekeeping:

        -   Meetings & Responsibilities: [*Current GradSAC
            > Constitution.pdf*](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1quE9axBw747G0D-PY_Vi0XyriTN6xwJP/view?usp=sharing)

        -   Organization: Google drive, GradSAC email: [*How to use
            > GradSac@cs.utah.edu*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1j2xf30CQpFQ_YyiLr854dS90SVzHVGh5z-1ohOD2HrA/edit)

-   UDLS start date/schedule for fall semester?

    -   Book Evans

    -   Ask/survey?

        -   Thursday 5-6

        -   Friday 4-5 or 5-6

    -   Come back to decide date avoiding fall break, thanksgiving

        -   Fall break oct. 10-14, thanksgiving nov. 24-25

        -   9/22, 10/6, 10/20, 11/3, 11/17, 12/1, 12/15

    -   More formal sign-up process? - Google Form

        -   And topic request process? - Google sheet

        -   **Alper** - UDLS coordinator

            -   Make google sheet posted on Slack

            -   Have all of this on Google calendar

    -   Website/Google Sheet

-   FREE Food with Faculty

    -   Reaching out to faculty

        -   Coffee & bagels, lunch, etc., this depends on what time
            > works for faculty

    -   How often should we do this?

        -   2x/month

        -   Have a bunch early on (like 2/week for the first month)

    -   Faculty members:

        -   Alex Lex (**Devin**)

        -   Kate Isaacs (**Noelle**) - Sept

        -   Prashant Pandey? (**Shreyas**) - Sept

        -   Cem Yuksel (**Alper**)

        -   Jun Xu (**Prikshit**) - Oct

        -   Paul Rosen (**Devin**) - Oct

        -   Daniel Kopta (Devin)

        -   Ana Marasovic (**Eric**) - Oct

[]{#anchor-150}New Business

-   Grad/GradSAC-run research forum

    -   Do we think this is a good idea

    -   How much work will this be for us

        -   Too much for just GradSAC to run

    -   Communication was bad if this happened before (Fall 2019)

    -   Redundant?

    -   Encourage students to attend other students' defenses

    -   Does Chris Coleman have this already?

Next Meeting:

-   Officer Election

    -   When will we have new election?

-   GradSAC only party?

    -   Bar hopping?

    -   Regular after meeting lunch?

    -   Dinner?

-   Discussion of ideas from brainstorming session:
    > [*ideas.jpg*](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1a4F6kyPtNa7SJ6nhY8RYnAaFFF-GQ_RP/view?usp=sharing)

    -   Low effort ideas:

        -   Public events Google calendar

        -   Private grad channel in Slack

        -   International potluck

    -   Medium effort ideas:

        -   Lab open house

        -   CV workshop

        -   Mini golf

    -   High effort ideas:

        -   Better process/documentation for new students

        -   Hackathon (effort level depends on what kind of Hackathon we
            > want)

[]{#anchor-151}Parking Lot/Table/Ice Box

-   Halloween Party?

-   Missing Wiki Pages

    -   Historical Pages of the UDLS

    -   Revamp of the website updates?

-   Dave and Busters (Arcade Bar) (4 people \~\$90 on games for more
    > than an hour + really big)

[]{#anchor-152}Action Items:

-   

