# 09-23-2022

[]{#anchor-133}Attendees:

Devin, Amir, Noelle, Mahesh, Anh, Shreyas, Frost, Alper, Yash, Eric,
Prikshit, Jakob, Ben, Tamanna, Brayden

[]{#anchor-134}Agenda:

[]{#anchor-135}Last Meeting Follow-up

-   FREE Food with Faculty [*Food with Faculty
    > Planning*](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MjFGgpoYm1BqeVesFttKsvEEKlY5BhX_D1ac7hU67zM/edit#gid=0)

    -   Ana Marasović: 12:15pm lunch Urban Pioneer 9/28

        -   **Anh**: Sign up

        -   https://forms.gle/6M5cuCNNHaYKTJYw7

-   GradSAC hang out TONIGHT!

    -   Dinner + bars

    -   Where?

    -   TF at 7:00

-   RPT (retention, promotion, & tenure):
    > [*https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0ACrsvzgamvaBUk9PVA*](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0ACrsvzgamvaBUk9PVA)

    -   Collect feedback from grads, write up a paragraph summarizing
        > feedback - do not spend any more than 1 hour on this (aim for
        > 30 min)

    -   Be aware of [*bias in teaching
        > evaluations*](https://benschmidt.org/profGender/#%7B%22database%22%3A%22RMP%22%2C%22plotType%22%3A%22pointchart%22%2C%22method%22%3A%22return_json%22%2C%22search_limits%22%3A%7B%22word%22%3A%5B%22his%20kids%22%2C%22her%20kids%22%5D%2C%22department__id%22%3A%7B%22%24lte%22%3A25%7D%7D%2C%22aesthetic%22%3A%7B%22x%22%3A%22WordsPerMillion%22%2C%22y%22%3A%22department%22%2C%22color%22%3A%22gender%22%7D%2C%22counttype%22%3A%5B%22WordCount%22%2C%22TotalWords%22%5D%2C%22groups%22%3A%5B%22unigram%22%5D%2C%22testGroup%22%3A%22C%22%7D)
        > as you are completing these

        -   Due TODAY, send to Mahesh

            -   Jeff Phillips - **Frost & Jakob**

            -   Blair Sullivan - **Devin**

            -   Rogelio Cardona-Rivera - **Prikshit **(Mahesh will send
                > examples)

            -   Marina Kogan - **Mahesh**

            -   Mu Zhang - **Noelle**

-   Lunch with Rajeev

    -   Come up with list of questions to ask before

    -   **Shreyas** will bring this up and coordinate - go after our
        > meeting when there is no faculty meeting scheduled

-   Grads only channel?

    -   Create private channel and send email to grads@\...

    -   **Devin** created this. You must be added to it. There isn't an
        > invite link, you must be added by an existing member. So it
        > would have to be a cool system like gmail was in it's origin.

[]{#anchor-136}New Business

-   UDLS Point Person / Clean up / Staying afterwards

    -   Point people: Alper, backup Shreyas & Prikshit & Brayden

    -   Move to LCR once LCR is back open

    -   **Anh** booking: Move to downstairs classrooms

-   Social event?

    -   "Mary and Chris did say because we are not doing the food social
        > this week, that if the GradSAC wanted to throw a different
        > kind of event in October or November that we can do that and
        > the Grad advisors are than willing to help with that as well."

    -   Dave & Busters idea? - October

    -   International Potluck? (grads only?) - November "Friendsgiving"

    -   Halloween party? Pumpkin carving?

    -   White elephant during last UDLS party

-   Discussion of ideas from brainstorming session:
    > [*ideas.jpg*](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1a4F6kyPtNa7SJ6nhY8RYnAaFFF-GQ_RP/view?usp=sharing)

    -   Low effort ideas:

        -   ~~Public events Google calendar~~

            -   Followup: Google form to calendar for faculty to
                > crowdsource seminar/guest-lecture information - weekly
                > digests

        -   Private grad channel in Slack

        -   International potluck

    -   Medium effort ideas:

        -   Lab open house

        -   CV workshop

            -   Talk with career development services

                -   Is there any way we can get recruiters/those who
                    > look at CV's/resumes as a job, have a panel with
                    > them?

        -   Mini golf

    -   High effort ideas:

        -   Better process/documentation for new students

        -   Hackathon (effort level depends on what kind of Hackathon we
            > want)

  ------------------ ----------------------- ---------------- --------------------------------
                     Low effort              Medium effort    High effort
  Not fun            Google forms            CV workshop      Better Process
  Super fun          International potluck   Mini golf        ? Lagoon? Idk Halloween party?
  "It depends" fun   Private channel         Lab open house   Hackathon
  ------------------ ----------------------- ---------------- --------------------------------

[]{#anchor-137}Parking Lot/Table/Ice Box

-   Halloween Party?

-   Missing Wiki Pages

    -   Historical Pages of the UDLS

    -   Revamp of the website updates?

-   Dave and Busters (Arcade Bar) (4 people \~\$90 on games for more
    > than an hour + really big)

-   Grad/GradSAC-run research forum (until we hear more from faculty)

-   Feedback on grad courses (Frost)

    -   Erin would appreciate having feedback, but wants it to be clear
        > that this does not mean it would be offered & would only be
        > useful for the next 2 years (not next semester)

    -   **Frost** will take charge of making form & sending out (no
        > rush, just before January)

-   

[]{#anchor-138}Action Items:

-   

