# 2022-11-11

[]{#anchor-108}Attendees: Devin, Anh, Shreyas, Jakob, Ben, Noelle,
Hemanth, Mahesh, Prikshit, Eric

[]{#anchor-109}Agenda:

-   Lunch with Rajeev (Shreyas)

    -   Date and time: TBD

    -   Location:

        -   Indochine

        -   Other suggestion

    -   Specific discussion:

        -   Differential Tuition.

        -   Salary Raising Information.

        -   Update on working.

        -   Effort of SOC in recruiting more Grad Students.

        -   More detail on the Kahlert's donation and how the money will
            > be used.

        -   Could talk about housing changes

<!-- -->

-   Resume and CV Workshop

    -   LCR

    -   Tues Nov 15, 11 am - 12:30 pm

    -   Friday: Email a detail info on our CV/Resume workshop.
        > **Prikshit**

    -   Monday: Slack Reminder

    -   After Event: create a #RoastMyResume channel.

    -   **Geared towards CS students specifically**

    -   **Include pizza**

        -   large 2 c, 2 pep, 4 chicken, 1 *surprise us, *1 vegan (not
            > vegan cheese, something interesting).

    -   Nominated Profs: **Anh Tran**

<!-- -->

-   -   -   Kate Isaacs

        -   Travis Martin

        -   Prashant Pandey

        -   Daniel Kopta

<!-- -->

-   Friendsgiving Potluck ft Hometown food

    -   Nov 18th, 5:30 PM -7:30 PM

    -   LCR

    -   Friendsgiving themed

    -   Need to Make Annoucement (**Jakob**)

    -   Our job: **Ben**

        -   Drinks

        -   Paper towel and napkin

        -   Utensils

        -   Power (Grab stuff from labs for cooking stuff)

        -   Bring table cloth thingy

-   Recruiting

    -   Run survey, why do or don\'t people join

    -   50 responses so far

    -   Shared with Anton

        -   "It\'s so eye opening"

    -   Mostly responses from international students

    -   No.1 Reason: Advisor

    -   Nothing novel, as expected

    -   Hard to get a job here (e.g. Career Fair)

    -   From different sources: The U might be a dead end because of the
        > companies come to recruitment. This is more toward the job
        > fair.

    -   Focus on Ph.D. recruitment

    -   Maybe aiming for less prestigious school (?)

    -   We are done for now (Nice)

    -   Get the OUR video to be played on the TV.

-   ASUU meeting discussing rent increases

    -   Making new one thats much expensive while destroying the old
        > one.

    -   *"if you have concerns / want to be involved in the discussions
        > you can contact Ian Wixom, ASUU's Non-Traditional Student
        > Immersion and Outreach Board Director;
        > *[*iwixom@asuu.utah.edu*](mailto:iwixom@asuu.utah.edu)*"*

    -   We have previous data from the stipend increase discussion
        > during the summer.

    -   Whats the point of affordable housing if the price is roughly
        > the same price as the one in SLC.

    -   Coordinator: Jakob

    -   Less students on campus/ harder to recruit.

    -   Full discussion: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR1CZYGPFvA

-   Academic Senate Meeting

    -   Time: 2:00-4:00 PM

    -   Brought up the rent increases as well.

-   Email **leslie@cs.utah.edu** (Leslie Wallwork) about MSD emails and
    > CV/Resume workshop.

-   Make a budget spreadsheet **Brayden.**

-   Shift meeting/UDLS for LCR. Check Grad lounge if it is available.

[]{#anchor-110}

[]{#anchor-111}Nov 4, 2022

[]{#anchor-112}Attendees:

Jakob, Anh, Alper, Mahesh, Noelle, Eric, Ben M., Frost, Vivek, Prikshit

[]{#anchor-113}Agenda:

-   UDLS Dec 1

    -   Purchased too much pizza last time

        -   (large 2 c, 2 pep, 3 chicken, 1 *surprise us*)

-   Lunch with Rajeev

    -   Nov 11? (Shreyas)

<!-- -->

-   Resume and CV Workshop

    -   LCR

    -   Tues Nov 15, 11 am - 1 pm

    -   Geared towards CS students specifically

    -   Include pizza

-   International Potluck

    -   Nov 18

    -   Find space first - **Anh**

        -   Catmull gallery (\$300/ event, does the dept have another
            > place?)

        -   Talk to DPT (Chris Coleman) to get tables/etc

    -   Friendsgiving themed

    -   Have RSVP, sign up for course - **Jakob**

-   Meeting with Anton about recruiting

    -   **Run survey, why do or don\'t people join (due next week!)**

    -   Moving stipend

    -   Survey on declining phd offer, exit survey

    -   Movie showing off the school

        -   Survey for reasons why people choose this school

        -   Highlight faculty

    -   Make international applications easier or more streamlined

        -   housing

    -   Apply to advisor vs apply to school, fellowship program

    -   TA vs RA pay gap? Overall funding?

