# 04-25-2022

[]{#anchor-224}Attendees:

[]{#anchor-225}Agenda:

[]{#anchor-226}Last Meeting Follow-up

-   Lunch with Faculty

    -   John Regher & gradsac (**Noelle**)

-   Social events

    -   May 6th brewery like last semester - advertising?

        -   Still do this on the 6th

        -   **Discuss location this week**

[]{#anchor-227}New Business

-   End of sem Faculty-Grads Social Event - Respond to Erin's email

    -   Summer: Food - South of MEB

    -   Student (+ MSD) + Faculty

    -   Events

        -   Lab Laser Tag / Paintball

        -   Dodgeball

        -   Lawn Games - Campus rentals

        -   Bocce

    -   Grad Advisors order food

    -   Food may be enough on the Lawn

    -   BYOB - Maybe not in Parks (public areas)

    -   Location - Choose a better location for this (closer park and
        > beer after happy hour)

        -   Reimburse for Ubers / Make plans for carpooling

-   End of semester budget report

    -   **Madi and Shreyas**

-   MEB re-roofing (Faculty Meeting 4/22)

    -   Use SCI spots?

    -   This needs to be announced now because people might be leaving
        > for summer (**Noelle**)

        -   Chris, Mary, John, Erin

-   Peer mentorship program

    -   Think of another name for this (names next week)

        -   PhD Buddies

        -   PhD PhwienDs - wat?zdgn

        -   PhD Pals

    -   Timeline:

        -   Send volunteer after socials (2nd week of May)

        -   10 days for current grads to volunteer (Last week of May)

    -   Feedback:

        -   Give people contact over the summer

        -   Matching manually - get data from GradAdvisor - for existing
            > make it better

-   Grad stipend amounts

    -   GSAC Leadership Meeting follow up:

        -   Survey:
            > [*https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vsiFrITuWz9aH_hlCy6SvTQdno8KzfdMp6Uq2MLSY1g/edit*](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1vsiFrITuWz9aH_hlCy6SvTQdno8KzfdMp6Uq2MLSY1g/edit)

            -   Send after finals?

            -   **Shreyas** will look into this (aim to send after
                > finals)

            -   Remove the income field?

-   Summer meeting schedule

    -   **Biweekly **or monthly? From next week

    -   [*https://www.when2meet.com/?15466890-NG4VW*](https://www.when2meet.com/?15466890-NG4VW)

    -   Make an agenda and decide based

    -   Points

        -   Mentorship things

        -   Social Events

        -   Advertising GradSAC

[]{#anchor-228}Parking Lot/Table/Ice Box

-   Summer projects

    -   Get a p-card

-   Required service email

    -   Next steps: Devin re-write draft based on feedback, send to
        > Mary, [*dgs@cs.utah.edu*](mailto:dgs@cs.utah.edu)

[]{#anchor-229}Action Items:

Next Meeting:

-   Faculty candidate meeting feedback

    -   Survey

        -   Clarify question about classes

    -   What went well/what can be improved for next year?

