# 2022-07-25

[]{#anchor-182}Attendees:

Devin, Shreyas, Yo, Frost

[]{#anchor-183}Agenda:

[]{#anchor-184}Last Meeting Follow-up

-   Cost of Living Data:

    -   Survey:
        > [*https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15BAEia_fQMiCtRUCQrF7RYXJ_9FpGVl4HiPcvYvJta4/edit?usp=sharing*](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15BAEia_fQMiCtRUCQrF7RYXJ_9FpGVl4HiPcvYvJta4/edit?usp=sharing)

    -   Next steps: analyzing the data? Major takeaways/key points/what
        > to bring to faculty

        -   \~50% have delayed medical

        -   Analysis todo.

    -   Set up meeting with John and Rajeev

        -   Friday

        -   Results

            -   Rent Histogram

            -   Medical

            -   Debt

            -   Comments

        -   Other Discussions

            -   Possible to get pay advances?

-   Updates to the constitution/elections

    -   [*Current GradSAC
        > Constitution.pdf*](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1quE9axBw747G0D-PY_Vi0XyriTN6xwJP/view)

    -   Draft: [*Club Constitution
        > (draft)*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fMGNnhEzDN9hIMmBSR7guX_C-UswDNdyzQ_ucpR_gPI/edit)

    -   Previous changes approved: Need 6/8 officers to approve these
        > changes, see [*slack
        > post*](https://usocgrad.slack.com/archives/G019QKDL2UA/p1657579004369819)

        -   Add coordination of faculty hiring work to VP position
            > duties

        -   Rename "Prospective Weekend Planner" to "New Student
            > Facilitator" - this new role is still in charge of
            > planning the prospective student weekend, but also in
            > charge of coordinating the PhD Peers program.

        -   Removed one of the social event coordinator positions (so
            > there is now only one)

    -   New changes to discuss

        -   Have only the required things in the constitutions - social
            > media is not a required thing (yet)

-   RPT

    -   Any dates for the upcoming expedited tenure reviews?

        -   Nothing Yet

[]{#anchor-185}New Business

-   New student orientation

    -   Is this happening/do we have information on this?

        -   Probably Aug 19th

    -   Are we supposed to speak at this? If so, and if it is the Friday
        > before the semester starts like last year, Noelle will be at a
        > conference and so will be unable to present - someone else
        > will need to do this.

        -   **Devin** can do this, unless someone wants to.

    -   Plan

        -   Orientation in the morning

        -   Afternoon Activities

            -   For everyone

            -   Split up similar to last year

        -   **New: **Social event in the evening?

            -   PhD Peer Meeting?

                -   Possibly not as there are MS and MSIS also there
                    > coordination will be hard

            -   Bowling might be hard

            -   How much of the department will be open then?

        -   **Ash** - ahhhgha

    -   **Devin:** Contact Early

        -   Orientation for everyone? What did the MSD students do last
            > year?

        -   Rough schedule?

        -   Beginning of the semester social event

            -   Do we want to start thinking about a social event for
                > early in the Fall semester?

-   Updates on PhD-Peers Meetings

[]{#anchor-186}Parking Lot/Table/Ice Box

-   

[]{#anchor-187}Action Items:

-   Transition to every week from next week

Next Meeting:

-   

